{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red247\green247\blue246;\red82\green96\blue120;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c97362\c97362\c97241;\cssrgb\c39320\c45606\c54577;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7480\viewh20100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Landing Page\
1. Make this a full screen page. At the moment it is bunched to the top of the page.\
2. I don\'92t know what the Tennant ID is for at the log in stage. Does this need to be there?\
\
Header\
1. Delete the "SCHOOL OPS" label underneith the Anaxi Logo\
2. Make the School label a school chooser for users with multiple schools\
\
Explorer Page\
3. Combine the filters menu and the pivot selections into one container. Probably utilise dropdowns\
4. Remove the comfortable/compact option.\
5. Make the Export CSV a download icon on the actual \'93Teacher x signals\'94 container (right hand side probably)\
6. Re-design the table so that the table headers are full words. You will probably have to filter or do some clever combining/filtering on each of the signals.\
7. Make the hover colour change include the Teacher column as well as everything else. \
8. Remove the \'93Evidence & Pivots\'94 label.\
9. Change "\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Updated\'a013 Mar 2026, 16:56\'a0\'b7 Window: last\'a021\'a0days \'b7 Coverage thresholds applied\'94 to just \'93Updated and date\'94\
10. Make each of the headers filterable and sortable on the main table. \
11. Make the teacher column fit width to content so that the name of the teacher is one line height.\
12. Rename the \'93Teachers x signals\'94 to just \'93Teachers\'94 or what ever the table is showing.\
13. Redesign the filters at the top of the page. All the buttons are different sizes. The apply button is especially large. Use colours rather than size to show importance of a button.\
14. Create more space between the headings and the dropdowns in the top filter container \
\
Home\
1. Have a single colour for highlights in the boxes. #fe9f9f is the colour I want to use over everything else.\
2. De-capitalise the container headers\
3. CPD Priorities - more detail should be present on the card. Have the drift rate, avg negative delta and coverage on the card. Use charts or progress lines to enhance this. Also the background should change when each signal is hovered to show the user that they can click on it.\
4. Teacher Support Priorities - use capital letters at the start of each word on the title of the card. The background needs to change on each teacher to show it is clickable. Show the delta change next to the teacher to give more information on this home page. \
5. Cohort change - should be \'93Cohort Change\'94. I don\'92t what is being shown here. It should have charts or pies for attendance changes - this is useful for users to see as they log in. This should be have details of increases in positive behaviour/negative behaviour points as well as attendance.\
6. Student Support Priorities (Should be Student Support Priorities) again - change the colour of the background to show it is clickable. Show the actual change in attendance / on calls / detentions to give more detail. \
7. Take away the quick links\
\
Leave of Absence\
1. The calendar view needs to be an actual calendar rather than a list. A list is pointless. \
}