{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Design Changes:\
\
General:\
\
1. The background is far too dark. In the design example the background is more like #f8f8f8.\
2. There is no separate of background between the main container and the header. This makes it look slick.\
3. There should be a small school chooser in the header that lets user toggle between schools if they are part of more than one school in the database.\
4. There should be more space between elements in the menu. \
6. The menu should be collapsable. This is especially important for mobile. On mobile it should probably move to a hamburger icon or something similar.\
\
Home\
1. This needs a complete rework to present the data in a better way. The idea of having priorities is correct but they need to look better and have more consistency (e.g. the cohort change doesn\'92t automatically show.)\
2. The student support priorities look cramped and strange. The pills shouldn\'92t be underneath the aims.\
3. The positive momentum and leave appropavals cards are dated and don\'92t make sense. Please take inspiration from the cards on the design example.\
4. There are 4 hero cards in the design example - this could be utilised in our app. This should be the key events in the data.\
5. Teacher names should always be accompanied with a profile picture. This makes it look far more professional.\
\
New Observation\
1. When you click on a lesson phase - it doesn\'92t show as being clicked. This is essential. This is the most important page in the app - it has to work better than it does.\
2. On web view the info pop up on the new observation should be styled into the main page. Teachers should see if next to the main form area. \
3. There needs to be a \'93select and next\'94 function on the observation. At the moment the selection just clicks through to the next signal. \
4. In observation history - the subject and year group are not dropdown. This is problematic for quick selection. We shouldn\'92t rely on typing here.\
\
Explorer\
1. This page needs a complete re-design. Buttons are different sizes, the table is huge and therefore the key data doesn\'92t pop. Please redesign once you have looked at the purpose of the page and the key data it is showing.\
2. The observation list doesn\'92t give you the information you need and there is some significant design issues e.g. Phase looks like \'93INDEPENDENT_PRACTICE\'94. This looks awful and straight out of the database. People won\'92t like that.\
3. All the teacher and CPD priorities need to be mapped into this page. Then the student priorities in the Analytics page can move to a Analytics page in the Culture menu section. Then the Analytics pages can be removed completely. This relies on a very good re-design of the explorer page.\
\
Students\
1. Students table is bad. It looks messy and poorly design. Re-do this.\
\
On Call\
1. Design is very bad. The buttons are all different sizes and it feels very clunky and dated. \
2. This needs a complete re-design\
3. There should be a search function for students.\
\
Meetings\
1. Can\'92t get onto the page.\
\
Leave of Absence\
1. Unable to load page.}